Liz this is what music culture calls a
plants when I first heard about this
movie I thought it was a Lifetime movie
that accidentally got released in
theaters but hey I mean I wasn't excited
for it it look like cheesy fun but the
more I looked into this thing it turns
out that this movie got the book rights
in January of 2016 but the book itself
wasn't released until March 2017 so it's
like one of those things where me saying
it's a little bit too much like GaN
Girls one thing but y'all literally
pitching it as GaN girls long-lost twin
sister is sampling a bit more than logic
does does that automatically mean it's a
bad movie
no I personally give it a rent it
because I thought it was a fun ride I
like the actors even if it does get a
little too goofy let me explain so Anna
Kendrick is this acha awkward vlogger
who does food recipes on fake tube she's
that PTA parents who brings in the
gluten-free crayons for the kids like
she's Leslie Knope in every possible way
when it comes to volunteering so when
she sets up a playdate with mrs.
Deadpool who's the mysterious mom nobody
knows this girl pretty much opens up way
more than she needs to turns out that
Anna Kendrick's a single mother who lost
her husband and her half brother in a
car accident years ago but even worse
than that was that before she was even
married her father had died and her
stepbrother who she didn't even know
existed pulls up to the funeral and be
it loneliness or because Game of Thrones
just premiered they got jiggy with it
now in the book it's actually confirmed
that the kid that she has isn't even her
husband but her half-brothers so this is
her son and a half nephew at the same
time like Hendricks always been that
innocent chick next door who makes
noises with her mouth but I'm not gonna
lie she was really creepy in this movie
like her last name is smothers for
crying out loud
that's worse than Lannister but I found
these two hit it off Blake's made it
very clear that she doesn't like any
pictures of herself you know she wants
to make sure that there is no proof that
she doesn't leave behind a trace and
this girl just disappears during a
business trip to Miami they eventually
find her body in a nearby lake all full
of heroin and since Anna's a good friend
of course during these perilous times
she decides to smash the husband I get
that he's a crazy rich Asian but
Kendrick loyalty ain't in your DNA at
all now an interesting thing about the
movie is that for its marketing Blake
Lively actually deleted all of her pics
on Instagram to promote the movie and
she literally followed 28 accounts named
Emily Nelson which is a character in the
movie it's just a fun fact but like I
mentioned before this movie is gone girl
jr. granted the triplets part isn't in
the book but it's still just as
conniving turns out Blake was one third
of the triplets hope faith and charity
but since charity died at birth they
tattooed her charm on their arms in her
memory
faith and hope end up embarking on more
shenanigans and Zack and Cody like
burning down the west wing of their
house in order to get back at their
abusive dad they end up faking their
death and they end up parting ways in
order to not get caught even though
eventually one of them ends up addicted
to heroin and she decides to blackmail
the main sister we've been seeing
because she's been doing so well and
that's where Emily the main one comes up
with the idea of drowning her sister
Friday the thirteen style when they meet
up at their old church camp in order to
scam out the four million dollars in
insurance money while everybody ends up
thinking it's ER I didn't even creep
your side no in the book Emily ends up
pushing her sister to Hanna Baker
herself so I don't really know what's
worth but it still tried too hard to be
gone girl Stephanie starts streaming
like she's part of serial as she events
the gates Emily's past in order to
figure out what's going on until the
gone girl herself comes home Emily's new
plan is to blame everything on the
husband since he's been having an affair
with one of his students but with the
power of YouTube streaming and is able
to get an entire Blake Lively confessing
her plans to fake her death and run away
with the money
now in the book Emily is able to run
away with little Nikki to another
country in the movie girl gets Regina
George by a Mormon as she tries to
escape and go straight to jail
everything gets resolved the husband
moves to Cali with his son and
Stephanie's vlog hits 1 million
subscribers as she starts investigating
murders on her live stream by the moment
we hit that number I'm gonna do the same
I'm gonna start let me uncover thank you
guys for checking out this video I'm
curious to know your thoughts down below
in the comment section like I said a
little too similar in my opinion but
still a decent run nonetheless right I
also if you if you watch this channel at
all huge fan of Lynda Carter Nelly
I loved seeing her in anything there was
no reason for her to be in this movie
whatsoever back here son any thoughts
down below in the comment section if you
read the book that was released a year
after the movie was actually pitched
Kirsten any thoughts down below I'm
telling you it could be fabricated it's
very clear they wanted to make it a
best-seller so it has some traction for
the movie nothing against that back
still a little too similar to gar girl
definitely let me know your thoughts
down below in the comment section don't
forget to comment like and subscribe or
else all black know your twin